Where do you want me
to put this?
Anywhere you
can find room.
I bet you can't wait
to put all this together
so you can start shape-shifting
around the room again.
Oh, I suppose.
Though I did enjoy
sleeping in a bed.
Well, there's nothing
to stop you from sleeping
in a bed if you want to.
Except that now
when I'm asleep
I tend to revert to
my gelatinous state
and slide onto
the floor.
No, the bed goes.
I'm a changeling,
not a solid.
There's no use
pretending otherwise.
I guess we can put
all this in storage.
Uh...
What about these padds?
Finding and Winning
Your Perfect Mate
by Dr. Jennings Rain.
I'll take that.
I thought I was going
for the rest of my life.
to be a humanoid
There were certain things--
You don't have to explain, Odo.
the first three chapters.
I only read
Maybe you should finish it.
Why waste my time?
Romance is for solids.
Well, you are a solid,
18 hours a day.
I'm sure there are
plenty of women
on this station
who would be very
interested in you,
if you gave
them a chance.
I'll keep that
in mind, Major.
Right now,
I'd be satisfied
just getting
this room in order.
Go ahead, Commander.
Dax to Kira and Odo.
There's something we'd like you
to take a look at in Ops.
We're on our way.
( sighs )
One of our
listening posts
in the
Gamma Quadrant
picked this up
a few minutes ago.
It looks like
a Cardassian military code
but the computer
doesn't recognize it.
Oh, it's Cardassian,
all right.
there were any Cardassians
But I didn't think
None that we know of.
in the Gamma Quadrant.
ODO:
Not Elgol-red
or Fifth Order
Military Encryption.
Try Courier
Code Five-Nine.
ODO:
Strange.
Most Cardassian codes
use a recursive
encryption algorithm
but this has a completely
different coding system.
Bajoran Intelligence
has a lot of experience
breaking Cardassian codes.
Why don't you
send it to them?
We did, as soon
as it came in.
We still haven't
heard from them.
It may take some time.
SISKO:
If someone's sending
coded Cardassian messages
from the Gamma Quadrant
I want to know what
they're saying, now.
We do have an expert
in Cardassian codes
living on the station.
SISKO:
You're right.
Dax, get me Mr. Garak.
It's good to see you
again, Cara.
for the interruption.
I'm sorry
Well, how did it go?
I disappointed them.
I'm afraid
that the message they picked up
I think they were hoping
to defeating the Dominion.
would contain the key
the looks on their faces
You should have seen
to them that it was
when I explained
planetary survey report.
a five-year-old
A planetary survey report?
That's the look, exactly.
I would have
thought you'd be
a little disappointed, too.
After all, it could have been
from one of the survivors
of the Cardassian fleet that was
lost in the Gamma Quadrant.
Oh, I'd given up hope
of ever finding any trace
of them long ago.
Really?
as the giving-up type.
I never saw you
There comes a time when one
must face reality, my dear.
and are never coming back.
Those people are gone
my young friends,
Well...
I'd like to stay here
and chat all day,
but I have dresses to make,
trousers to mend.
It's a full life,
if a trifle banal.
that I'd be more than happy
And do tell Captain Sisko
to decode any Cardassian laundry
lists that come across his desk.
My dear.
My father would be furious
to hear me say this,
but... there's something
about Garak I find...
fascinating.
Yes, he has his moments.
( device beeping )
Going somewhere?
I really must remember to stop
underestimating you, Doctor.
You mean, that you were lying
How did you know?
about the contents
of the message?
You said you'd given up
on the Cardassian survivors
who were lost in
the Gamma Quadrant.
Well, Ziyal was right.
You're not the giving-up sort.
Very good, Doctor.
You've come a long way
from the naive young man
I met five years ago.
You've become distrustful
and suspicious.
It suits you.
I had a good teacher.
What did the message
really say, Garak?
It was a call for help...
from Enabran Tain.
Tain?
But you said you'd seen his ship
destroyed by the Dominion.
the Obsidian Order for 20 years.
I did, but Tain was head of
If he can survive that,
he can survive anything.
I have to find him, Doctor.
I owe it to him.
You don't owe Tain anything.
He had you exiled
from Cardassia.
Yes, but, aside from that,
we were very close.
He was... my mentor,
to turn my back on him.
and I'm not going
If it'll make you
feel any better,
you can come with me.
is come up with an excuse
All you have to do
and we could leave immediately.
why you need the runabout,
So let me get this straight.
to my commanding officer,
You want me to lie
violate Starfleet regulations,
and go with you on a mission
into the Gamma Quadrant,
which will probably
get us both killed.
I'm ready when you are.
In that case...
let's go.
To Captain Sisko's office.
How do you know
that the message
isn't a fake?
That it was really
sent by Tain?
The code sequence was
personally designed
by Tain and myself.
No one else knows it.
Now, somehow he got
that message out,
and I have to follow it
back to its source.
Did the message contain
any coordinates?
was identification code.
No. Most of it
was just one word, "alive,"
The rest of it
repeated over and over again.
So it should be easy enough
to triangulate the source.
Tain might not be alone.
Captain...
There could be others.
Troops from the
Cardassian-Romulan fleet,
survivors from the Dominion
attack on New Bajor,
from those Federation ships
and even crew members
in the Gamma Quadrant.
that disappeared
This is a mission of mercy.
You can't ignore it.
I'm still not totally convinced
that it's a genuine message.
only one way to find out.
But I suppose there's
Captain, you can't let him go.
It's too dangerous.
is touching, Doctor,
Your concern
I can take care of myself.
but I assure you,
Maybe you can, but you're
still not going alone.
I think you've just volunteered.
Doctor?
isn't going anywhere.
Dr. Bashir
someone else in mind.
But I do have
I don't know what
makes me angrier--
that you agreed to go
into the Gamma Quadrant
with Garak,
or that I had to hear it
from Sisko.
I was going to tell you.
On your way out the airlock?
When?
does not have to explain
A Klingon warrior
why he chooses to face danger,
not even to his par'machkai.
So in other words,
I'd make a scene.
you were afraid
That I'd embarrass you,
maybe even cry.
You are capable of anything.
Don't worry, Worf.
I won't be shedding any tears
over you.
Ah. Then you came to wish me
a good death in battle.
No.
I came for these.
My Klingon operas.
Well, you won't be using them
for the next few days.
Somebody might as well
enjoy them.
What?
Something wrong?
a tendency to misplace things.
You have
And you're afraid
that I might... lose
your precious operas?
Yes.
It's a distinct possibility.
If I were you,
I'd hurry back.
That is, if you want to keep
your collection intact.
Have a glorious death...
or don't.
It's up to you.
The Gamma Quadrant?
You can't go to
the Gamma Quadrant.
Oh, I can... and I will.
I have to.
But if something were
to happen to you, I...
I don't know what I'd do.
Oh, I'm sure you could find
someone else
to eat your meals with.
Not that you'd have to.
I fully intend
to return.
It's not just the meals.
Yes, I know.
I'm the only other Cardassian
on the station.
It's not that, either.
You know that.
It's just that...
you're intelligent
and cultured...
and kind.
My dear, you're young,
a poor judge of character.
so I realize that you're
Why do you always make fun
of my feelings for you?
Perhaps because I find them
a bit, uh, misguided?
Well, if this is
what you think,
why do you spend so
much time with me?
Because I'm exiled... and alone,
and a long way from home.
And when I'm with you,
it doesn't feel so bad.
I'm glad I could help.
no matter what happens,
Ziyal...
no matter how bleak
things may look,
I promise you I will come back.
You have my word.
I believe you.
DUKAT:
Take your hands off her!
Father, no!
You touch my daughter again,
I'll kill you.
Father...
let him go.
Please!
Go ahead. Kill me.
She'll never forgive you,
you know.
Gentlemen!
Gentlemen.
I don't know what's
going on here,
but I'm sure
it's no excuse
to act like a
pair of Klingons.
I'll act as I please, Ferengi.
Then you'll excuse me
while I call Security.
I'm sure Odo
will get a big thrill
out of having you locked up
in one of his holding cells.
Father... please.
Public opinion seems to be
running against you.
You know... I think that
actually helped my back.
Let's go, Garak.
I'll buy you a drink.
A pleasure...
as always, my dear.
You do have
a lovely daughter.
She must take
after her mother.
You're wrong about Garak,
Father.
He's a good man.
You have no idea
how much it pains me
to hear you say that.
It is good to see
you again, Ziyal.
It's good to see you,
too, Father.
What are you doing
on the station?
Oh, I had a
little skirmish
with a Klingon
battle cruiser.
My ship was damaged, so
I came here for repairs,
and to spend some
time with you.
And I can see...
we have a lot
to talk about.
Remember, this is a
reconnaissance mission.
You are to avoid Dominion
ships at all costs.
I want you back
here in one piece.
What about Garak?
I want him back, too.
I don't have to tell you
I suppose
to keep a close eye on him.
At the first sign of betrayal,
I will kill him,
to return the body intact.
but I promise
I assume that's a joke.
We will see.
to sponsor your application
You want me
to Starfleet Academy?
I think it is a bad idea.
What do you think?
Well, I'd write the
actual letter myself.
I just need you to sign it.
Find someone else.
Why?
Because I'm a Cardassian?
You're a Klingon.
Nog is a Ferengi.
Starfleet Academy is
a very accepting place.
You are not just
a Cardassian.
You are a spy, an assassin,
and a saboteur.
I know I've done some
unfortunate things
in the past,
and I regret them.
That's why I want
to join Starfleet;
why I need to
join Starfleet.
I'm looking for
a fresh start,
a way to make up for all
the damage I've done.
I need to prove
to myself
that I can be
better than I am,
but I need your help,
your support to
start me on my way...
to redemption.
If that is how you feel,
I will...
consider your request.
That's all I ask.
quite an asset to Starfleet.
Frankly, I think I can be
With my extensive experience,
I could skip the lower ranks
entirely and begin my
career as a Commander.
Maybe you should suggest that
in your letter.
Tell them you'd be honored
to serve under me.
Do not play games with me.
to join Starfleet, do you?
You have no desire
No, I'm afraid I don't.
Then why all of this deception?
Because lying is a skill
like any other,
a level of excellence, you have
and if you want to maintain
to practice
constantly.
Practice on someone else.
you're no fun at all.
Mr. Worf,
Good.
Major...
you and I have to talk.
Ah, Dukat, I've had a busy day.
I just want to
drink my coffee--
I left my daughter in your care.
you would look after her.
You promised me
I trusted you.
Listen, if this is about
taking Ziyal to services
I'm not talking
at the Bajoran shrine--
to your backwards superstitions.
about exposing her
She's half Bajoran.
of her cultural heritage.
That's part
I understand that.
I'm talking about Garak.
She's in love with him!
What about him?
I wouldn't call it love.
Oh...
So you've known about this
all along,
and you've done nothing
to stop it?
She was lonely.
The last time I checked,
he's the only other Cardassian
living on the station.
The man is a heartless,
cold-blooded killer.
Like I said, he's a Cardassian.
Your daughter
is a grown woman
capable of making
her own decisions.
I'm not fond of Garak, and I...
their friendship is a mistake,
may even think that
that's her prerogative.
but the way I see it,
You did this on purpose,
didn't you?
Did what?
Allowed my daughter
to associate with a man
you knew was my enemy.
he whispered poison in her ear,
Stood by while
and all under the guise
of doing me a favor.
No, Dukat, let's get
one thing straight.
to the station for you.
I didn't bring Ziyal
I did it for her,
because I knew it would be
better for her to be here
than being a soldier,
little war with the Klingons.
fighting in your private
Save your excuses, Major.
You've betrayed me,
I won't forget it.
and I promise
If that's a threat...
I'm not impressed.
There was a time when Bajorans
took Cardassian threats
very seriously.
Not anymore.
Good day, Major.
Good day.
I just don't see why
these runabout replicators
can't provide
a more varied menu.
I'd like to get my hands
on that fellow Earl Grey
and tell him a thing or two
about tea leaves.
We've just dropped
out of warp.
Is there
something wrong?
We can go no further.
What do you mean?
My readings indicate
the source of
that coded signal
is deep in Dominion space.
I have strict orders to
avoid unnecessary risk.
( sighs ):
We must turn back.
Well, I certainly
don't want to take
an unnecessary risk,
but our sensors
show no sign
of Jem'Hadar warships
in this area.
True, but the likelihood
of contact will increase
and my orders were very clear.
from this point on,
But we've come all this way.
without an answer--
To turn around now
it seems so... un-Klingon.
I am also a Starfleet officer.
Why don't we go
through this nebula?
and get light-years closer
We can avoid detection,
to the source
of the transmission.
Our shields would be
useless in that nebula.
But so would
Jem'Hadar sensors.
The answer is out there,
Commander.
We just have to have
the courage to find it.
And remember, it's not
just Tain we're looking for.
The Maryland,the Proxima,
the Sarajevo--
that have been lost
Starfleet ships
in the Gamma Quadrant for years,
and their crews--
brave soldiers,
warriors of the Federation,
unaccounted for.
to do everything in our power
We owe it to them
and bring them home.
to find them
It's the honorable thing to do.
You use that word, but you have
no idea what it means.
Maybe not... but you do.
Setting course
for the nebula.
of toh-maire gas ahead of us.
There's a pocket
Bringing her to 031 mark 355.
Steady as she--
( console beeping )
GARAK:
Now what could that be?
WORF:
Whatever they are,
they are coming right at us.
such a good idea after all.
Maybe this wasn't
I know that.
You still haven't
lost them.
There are four more
Jem'Hadar ships
in close pursuit,
and at least two ahead of us
on an intercept course.
We must warn the station.
There is only one reason
for the Dominion
this close to the wormhole.
to hide such a large fleet
to attack the Alpha Quadrant?
You think they're planning
I'm certain of it.
Your message is transmitting,
but it's hard to tell
if it's getting through
all this interference.
We've got to get clear
of the nebula.
What happened?
We've just come
to a dead stop.
They have us
in a tractor beam.
Repolarize the hull.
Try to shake us loose.
Ah... are we
glad to see you.
Could one of you point us
in the direction
of the wormhole?
I'm telling you,
he knows exactly who I am.
Kirayoshi already
recognizes me.
Nerys, the O'Briens' baby
is less than a month old.
He doesn't recognize
his own fingers.
He spent seven months
inside my belly,
listening to my heartbeat,
hearing my voice.
There's a connection there.
Every time I walk
into the room, he smiles.
It's probably gas.
Thanks.
the right thing to say.
You always know just
How's my baby boy?
He recognized me.
Did he?
a priority one distress signal
Hold on-- I'm getting
from the Gamma Quadrant.
Dax to Sisko.
You better come out here.
What is it?
I've got a message from Worf,
but it's badly garbled.
Maybe I can
clean it up.
It says "Jem'Hadar,"
and then some
coordinates I
can't make out.
"Build up"
and then...
Go on.
It ends with "imminent."
"Imminent"?
We just lost contact
with two of our listening posts
in the Gamma Quadrant.
The Dominion--
they're coming.
Notify Starfleet Command.
Put the station on yellow alert.
Make sure everyone knows
this is not a drill.
Major, I want you
to take the Defiant
into the Gamma Quadrant.
Locate Mr. Worf.
Find out what the hell's
going on there.
And if an invasion fleet
is on the way?
as soon as possible,
Then get back here
and God help us all.
Ah, good.
You look like
the man in charge.
I was just
trying to explain
to your colleagues here
that this is all
an unfortunate
misunderstanding.
Cardassians are all alike.
You talk too much.
WORF:
Let him go.
I give the orders here.
Release me... or die.
Worf...
do as he says.
( gasping )
This is Internment Camp 371.
are enemies of the Dominion.
You are here because you
There is no release, no escape,
except death.
Another listening post
has gone dead
and the one closest
to the wormhole
is detecting an incoming ship.
Picking up an increase
in neutrino levels.
Something's
coming through.
Shields fully charged.
Weapons ready.
The wormhole's opening.
On screen.
It's the Defiant.
O'BRIEN:
We're being hailed.
Put it through.
Major, what have you found?
Trouble.
Ah.
Father?
Not long.
Have you been
waiting long?
You should've come
into the shrine.
No, I don't think so.
( laughs )
So, where would you
like to have dinner?
Forget about dinner.
I want you to go back
to your quarters
and pack your things.
There's a ship leaving for
Cardassia in the morning.
I want you on it.
You're sending me
to Cardassia?
( sighs )
I've just learned
there's a Dominion fleet
headed for the wormhole.
This place is not safe
any longer.
Father, I'm not sure
that I want to go.
Ziyal.
There's nothing to discuss.
I'm not going to let
any harm come to you.
Now I think you'd better
get ready to leave.
Hmm?
( sighing )
They have been scanned.
They have no weapons,
and their identities
have been confirmed.
Very well.
You will be sheltered
in Barracks 6.
You are free to move about
the compound,
beyond the atmospheric dome,
but remember,
there is nothing
but airless vacuum
and barren rock.
even for an instant,
Leave the dome,
and you die.
We'll keep that in mind.
I've been waiting for another...
Klingon.
( grunting and yelling )
General Martok.
( groaning )
JEM'HADAR:
Enough!
It's over.
But for you, it's
just beginning.
( groans )
Do I know you?
I am Worf,
son of Mogh.
Yes, I've heard of you.
How long have you been here?
Two years.
Aren't you Klingons
supposed to kill yourselves
when you're taken prisoner?
still enemies to fight.
Not when there are
Or hope of escape.
If you... are Worf...
then you must be Garak.
He said you would come.
There.
Tain.
What is wrong with him?
WORF:
It's his heart.
Really?
There are many
people who'd say
he doesn't have one.
He was convinced
that you would come.
He knew I had no choice.
Tain.
Tain, I'm here.
My message...
it got through?
It did.
Where are the others?
There are no others.
Just Commander Worf
and me.
You allowed yourselves
to be taken prisoner?
I taught you better
than that.
Living on
that station
has dulled your wits.
That's it?
After I've come all this way,
after all I've been through,
that's all you have
to say to me?
What do you want me to say?
I want you to say,
"Thank you, Elim.
is most gratifying.
"Your loyalty
I knew I could count on you."
But I couldn't count on you,
could I?
All you've done
is to doom us...
both.
( sighing )
Sorry I'm late.
What's he doing here?
Captain Sisko invited me.
of the Alpha Quadrant
A Dominion invasion
will affect Cardassia
every bit as much
as it's going to affect us.
Besides, we need all the help
we can get.
The Dominion picked
a perfect time to invade.
The Cardassian fleet
is in shambles.
The Romulans are
not much better off.
And between the Klingon war
and the recent Borg attack,
Starfleet's spread pretty thin.
Then we're going to have
our hands full.
Dominion ships headed our way.
There are at least 50
For all we know, that could
just be the first wave.
reinforcements to get here?
How soon can we expect
At maximum warp, two days.
KIRA:
Not soon enough.
What help can we expect
from Cardassia?
are at your disposal.
My ship and my crew
One ship.
Things are looking brighter.
Right now, there's no way
we can beat the Dominion.
to prevent their fleet
Our only hope is
the Alpha Quadrant.
from entering
You're going to destroy
the wormhole?
It's always been a final option.
I'd hoped to never use it.
But the Celestial Temple,
the Prophets...
of the Trill Science Ministry
Professor Kahn
has come up with a way
to seal the wormhole
or harming the Prophets.
without damaging it
But Bajor will be cut off
from the Celestial Temple.
Well, history has shown
whenever the Prophets want
to communicate with Bajor,
they find a way.
It's either that
But...
the first Dominion target.
or Bajor becomes
the deflector grid frequencies
We'll have to remodulate
and rig a phase-conjugate
graviton beam.
You and Dax start working
immediately.
What about Worf?
the wormhole, he and Garak
If we close
in the Gamma Quadrant.
will be trapped
Casualties... of war.
They have 36 hours
to find their way home.
Let's hope
they can make it.
Dismissed.
Before this asteroid
was converted into a prison,
the Dominion used
to mine ultritium here.
There was no dome.
Each one
of these barracks
had its own life-support system
embedded in the walls.
And Tain was able to modify
that life-support system
a subspace transmitter.
and create
Yes.
just behind those panels.
There's a crawl space
He spent hours in there
working every day
for months on end.
Cardassians--
( chuckles )
they're clever people.
Especially that one.
a few days, at best,
But in just
he'll be dead.
WORF:
Then it is
up to us
to be clever.
They're releasing
him from isolation.
MARTOK:
Good.
Who?
A friend.
JEM'HADAR:
Move!
B-negative, in case
you were wondering.
Well, it appears we are all
who we seem to be.
If the blood screenings
can be trusted.
It's all we've got.
What about the others?
Have they
been tested?
Everyone except that Breen.
No blood.
When were you brought here?
Over a month ago.
I was attending a burn-treatment
conference on Meezan IV.
I went to bed one night
and woke up here.
The same thing happened to me,
except I was hunting sabre bear
out on Kang's Summit.
I was being stalked as well.
Little did I know,
And now I'm told the changeling
that replaced me
of countless Klingons.
has caused the death
It is a grave dishonor.
You are not to blame.
what my replacement
I can only imagine
is up to on the station.
We must escape and warn
Captain Sisko
carries out his mission.
before that changeling
Creating a precisely
modulated graviton field
to seal the wormhole
won't be as easy
as Lenara thought.
She was always
a lot stronger
on theory
than execution.
But we'll get it.
I'm sure
you will.
Julian!
What are you doing
up this early?
You've been working
for 16 hours straight.
I thought you could do
with some sandwiches.
That's very thoughtful.
You're a gentleman
and a scholar.
Truer words were never spoken.
anything at all, let me know.
Oh, if you need anything,
Ah! It's about time.
You almost missed
your transport.
Where's your baggage?
Never mind.
I'll have it
sent to you.
That won't be
necessary, Father.
I'm not leaving.
Ziyal...
I know we haven't spent
much time together,
but I think you know me
well enough to realize
that when I give an order,
I expect to be obeyed.
I'm not one of your soldiers.
No... you're my daughter.
I'm Tora Naprem's daughter, too.
I am half Bajoran.
I don't belong on Cardassia.
I will never be accepted there.
You know
Ziyal, you have to trust me.
Things are going to change
on Cardassia.
I don't have
time to explain.
What things?
You're leaving now.
I can't go.
It's him, isn't it?!
That despicable tailor.
because you're waiting for him?
You don't want to leave
that he would come back.
Garak promised me
Listen to me, Ziyal.
He's never coming back.
He's probably
dead already,
and even if he isn't,
the Federation is going
to seal the wormhole.
Garak will be trapped
on the other side.
He made a promise...
and so did I.
I said I would wait for him
and I will.
Is a promise...
to an enemy
of your family
more important than
obeying your father?
So be it.
Stay here if that's
what you want.
Stay here and be damned.
I should never
have come here.
I should have let
that monster die
forgotten and alone.
Frankly,
I'm glad you came.
Misery loves company.
All my life
I've done nothing
but try to please
that man.
I let him mold me...
let him turn me into
a mirror image of himself.
And how did he repay me?
With exile.
But I forgave him.
And here, in the end,
I thought maybe,
just maybe, he
could forgive me.
From what I've seen of him
over the past month,
he doesn't come across
as the forgiving type.
I've been a fool.
Let this be a lesson
to you, Doctor.
Perhaps the most valuable
one I can ever teach you.
Sentiment is the greatest
weakness of all.
If that's true,
it's a lesson I'd
rather not learn.
( door opens )
you might want to know--
I thought
if you wish to speak
to Tain... do it now,
before it's too late.
Elim...
Elim, is that you?
It's me.
Everything's gone dark.
I can't see you.
Are you alone?
Yes.
There's no one else
but you and me.
Surjak, Memad, Brun...
they can't be trusted.
They must be dealt with.
I've already taken
care of it.
And what about Gul Vorlem?
Were you able to contact him?
Years ago.
The Romulan ambassador?
He's gone.
All your enemies are dead.
Good.
his enemies to outlive him.
A man shouldn't allow
Then you can die happy.
Unless you
still consider
me your enemy.
Elim...
promise me one thing.
I'm listening.
Don't die here.
Escape. Live.
Let me guess...
so that I can make
the Dominion pay
for what they've done to you.
You wouldn't deny an old man
his revenge, would you?
I'll do as you ask,
on one condition:
That you don't ask me this favor
as a mentor
or a superior officer...
but as a father asking his son.
You're not my son.
Father...
Father, you're dying.
For once in your life,
speak the truth.
I should have killed your mother
before you were born.
You have always been a weakness
I can't afford.
So you've told me.
Many times.
Listen, Enabran...
is that for this moment,
all I ask
let me be your son.
Elim...
remember that day
in the country?
You must have been
almost five.
How can I forget it?
It was the only day.
I can still see you...
of that riding hound.
on the back
You must've fallen off
a dozen times.
But you never gave up.
I remember limping home.
You held my hand.
I was very proud of you...
that day.
Garak.
Gentlemen, I don't know
about you...
but my business here is done.
Then I suggest we find a way
out of here.
Captain's Log, supplemental.
A full-scale Dominion invasion
appears imminent.
Still, I remain confident
in my crew's ability
as they have so many others--
to face this crisis
and with courage.
with dedication
Our last listening post
in the Gamma Quadrant
just went dead.
DAX:
That one was right
on the other side
of the wormhole.
Which means the Dominion fleet
is minutes away. Chief!
Nearly ready.
Worf...
Is a Klingon warrior.
He'll understand.
Neutrino levels in the wormhole
are rising.
If we're going to do this,
it's got to be now.
Ready.
Here goes nothing.
Activate graviton emitters.
May the Prophets forgive us.
( alarm beeping )
We're losing it.
Someone sabotaged
the emitter array.
What happened?
KIRA:
Captain, the wormhole's opening.
Battle stations!
SISKO:
( alarm blares )